Update flow model doc (#383)
netobserv/network-observability-console-plugin: web/docs/interfaces/Fields.md

___

### IcmpType

• `Optional` **IcmpType**: `number`

ICMP type

___

### IcmpCode

• `Optional` **IcmpCode**: `number`

ICMP code

___

### PktDropLatestState

• `Optional` **PktDropLatestState**: `string`

Pkt TCP state for drops

___

### PktDropLatestDropCause

• `Optional` **PktDropLatestDropCause**: `string`

Pkt cause for drops

___

### PktDropLatestFlags

• `Optional` **PktDropLatestFlags**: `number`

Pkt TCP flags for drops

___

### PktDropPackets

• `Optional` **PktDropPackets**: `number`

> Number of packets dropped by the kernel in this flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of packets dropped by the kernel in a specific flow
```

Author: I'm not sure about that: all those fields are related to a given flow, hence the `this`. If I read `in a specific flow` then I would wonder: which flow are we talking about? Whereas `this` is contextual. I think I can just remove the `in this flow` part, as it isn't ambiguous anyway.

Reviewer: If the `in this flow` part can be removed that may be best because when I read `this` I was also wondering which flow is `this`? I can see how it may be more clear in context though, like you say.

___

### PktDropPackets\_AB

• `Optional` **PktDropPackets\_AB**: `number`

In conversation tracking, A to B packets dropped counter per conversation

___

### PktDropPackets\_BA

• `Optional` **PktDropPackets\_BA**: `number`

In conversation tracking, B to A packets dropped counter per conversation

___

### PktDropBytes

• `Optional` **PktDropBytes**: `number`

> Number of bytes dropped by the kernel in this flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of bytes dropped by the kernel in a specific flow
```

___

> ### TimeFlowRttNs

Reviewer: Will RTT be included in the product docs regeneration? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Yes, every field is present here even if it's feature related. However we may add a mention like `*Dev Preview*` in between to clarify it.
